HOW TO MAKE DASHBOARD?
1. A dashboard is a visual interface that provides an overview of key measures relevant to a particular objective with the help of charts and graphs, dashboard reports allow managers a high level overview of the business and help them make quick decisions.types= strategic,analytical,operational.
2. Go to view and uncheck grid lines.
3. Go to insert and click on illustrations and insert picture or icons.
4. Go to insert and add text.
5. Go to shape format and click on shape fill and remove outline.
6. Go to home and use some font.
7. Copy all the charts and place it in one place then right click on a particular chart then click on format chart to make transparent.
8. To remove outline go to format and click on shape outline and select no outline.
9. Insert some shape in place of chart and bring to front the charts then add some colours then manage transparency by shape format.
10. Add some slicer to represent the chart by connecting all the slicers with all charts by right click and then click report connection then select all the pivot table selected.
make a chart totalvrevenure per year=line chart
revenue generated each year in different region=line chart
revenue and total cost by each region=combo chart
revenue generated by order priority=pie chart
total revenue generated by different country=column chart
2nd dashboard
revenue generated by items=bar chart
profits for each year=line chart
total profits by country,use design=copy this data in other coloumn of same sheet then insert map
total profit per year through channel=line chart
profits by sales channel=pie chart
revenue and profits by items=combo chart
11. power query is an advance feature of an excel that allows you to prepare your data for analysis. you can perform numeric text computation and numerical analysis to make your data more p
owerful and informative.Excel power query is a data perform and a transformation engine that allows you to carry out extract,transform and load operations on data set from multiple sources.